RHDEVDOCS-6412: Defining Cancel-In-Progress Enhancements for 1.19 (#93821)
openshift/openshift-docs: modules/op-customizing-pipelines-as-code-configuration.adoc

| `secret-github-app-scope-extra-repos` | Additional repositories for scoping the generated GitHub access token. |

> | `enable-cancel-in-progress-on-pull-requests` | Automatically cancels in-progress pipeline runs for a pull request when a new commit is pushed, ensuring the old pipeline run is cancelled only after the new one has successfully started. The `cancel-in-progress` annotation on individual runs still applies and overrides the global setting. | `false`

Author: Fixed.

> | `enable-cancel-in-progress-on-pull-requests` | Automatically cancels in-progress pipeline runs for all pull requests when a new commit is pushed, ensuring the old pipeline run is cancelled only after the new one has successfully started. The `cancel-in-progress` annotation on individual runs still applies and overrides the global setting. | `false`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| `enable-cancel-in-progress-on-pull-requests` | Automatically cancels in-progress pipeline runs for all pull requests when a new pull-request is created, ensuring the old pipeline run is cancelled only after the new one has successfully started. The `cancel-in-progress` annotation on individual runs still applies and overrides the global setting. | `false`
```

> | `enable-cancel-in-progress-on-push` | Automatically cancels in-progress pipeline runs for a pull request when a new commit is pushed, ensuring the old pipeline run is cancelled only after the new one has successfully started. The `cancel-in-progress` annotation still applies and takes precedence. | `false`

Author: Fixed.

> | enable-cancel-in-progress-on-push | Automatically cancels in-progress pipeline runs for a pull request when a new commit is pushed. The old pipeline run is cancelled only after the new one has successfully started. The cancel-in-progress annotation on individual runs still applies and overrides this global setting. | `false`

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
| enable-cancel-in-progress-on-push | Automatically cancels in-progress pipeline runs for all push commits when a new commit is pushed. The old pipeline run is cancelled only after the new one has successfully started. The cancel-in-progress annotation on individual runs still applies and overrides this global setting. | `false`
```

Author: Fixed.

> | enable-cancel-in-progress-on-push | Automatically cancels in-progress pipeline runs for all push commits when a new commit is pushed. The old pipeline run is cancelled only after the new one has successfully started. The cancel-in-progress annotation on individual runs still applies and overrides this global setting. | `false`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| `enable-cancel-in-progress-on-push` | Automatically cancels in-progress pipeline runs for all push commits when a new commit is pushed. The old pipeline run is cancelled only after the new one has successfully started. The cancel-in-progress annotation on individual runs still applies and overrides this global setting. | `false`
```

Author: Fixed.
